and the word of Samuel came to all
and the word of Samuel came to all Israel now Israel went out to battle
Israel now Israel went out to battle
Israel now Israel went out to battle against the Philistines and in camp
against the Philistines and in camp
against the Philistines and in camp beside Abba nezer and the Philistines
beside Abba nezer and the Philistines
beside Abba nezer and the Philistines encamped in effect then the Philistines
encamped in effect then the Philistines
encamped in effect then the Philistines put themselves in battle array against
put themselves in battle array against
put themselves in battle array against Israel
and when they join battle Israel was
and when they join battle Israel was defeated by the Palestinians who killed
defeated by the Palestinians who killed
defeated by the Palestinians who killed about 4,000 men of the army in the field
and when the people had come into the
and when the people had come into the camp the elders of Israel said why has
camp the elders of Israel said why has
camp the elders of Israel said why has the Lord defeated us today before the
the Lord defeated us today before the
the Lord defeated us today before the Philistines let us bring the Ark of the
Philistines let us bring the Ark of the
Philistines let us bring the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord from Shiloh to us
Covenant of the Lord from Shiloh to us
Covenant of the Lord from Shiloh to us that when it comes among us it may save
that when it comes among us it may save
that when it comes among us it may save us from the hand of our enemies so the
us from the hand of our enemies so the
us from the hand of our enemies so the people sent to Shiloh that they might
people sent to Shiloh that they might
people sent to Shiloh that they might bring from there the Ark of the Covenant
bring from there the Ark of the Covenant
bring from there the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord of hosts dwells between the
of the Lord of hosts dwells between the
of the Lord of hosts dwells between the cherubim and the two sons of Eli hophni
cherubim and the two sons of Eli hophni
cherubim and the two sons of Eli hophni and Phineas were there with the ark the
and Phineas were there with the ark the
and Phineas were there with the ark the Covenant of God
and when the Ark of the Covenant of the
and when the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord came into the camp all Israel
Lord came into the camp all Israel
Lord came into the camp all Israel shouted so loudly that the earth shook
shouted so loudly that the earth shook
shouted so loudly that the earth shook now when the Philistines heard the noise
now when the Philistines heard the noise
now when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout they said what does the
of the shout they said what does the
of the shout they said what does the sound of this great shout in the camp of
sound of this great shout in the camp of
sound of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews mean then they understood
the Hebrews mean then they understood
the Hebrews mean then they understood that the Ark of the Lord had come into
that the Ark of the Lord had come into
that the Ark of the Lord had come into the camp so the Philistines were afraid
the camp so the Philistines were afraid
the camp so the Philistines were afraid for they said God has come into the camp
for they said God has come into the camp
for they said God has come into the camp woe to us for such a thing has never
woe to us for such a thing has never
woe to us for such a thing has never happened before woe to us who will
happened before woe to us who will
happened before woe to us who will deliver us from the hand of these mighty
deliver us from the hand of these mighty
deliver us from the hand of these mighty gods these are the gods who struck the
gods these are the gods who struck the
gods these are the gods who struck the Egyptians with all the plagues in the
Egyptians with all the plagues in the
Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness be strong and conduct
wilderness be strong and conduct
wilderness be strong and conduct yourselves like men you Philistines that
yourselves like men you Philistines that
yourselves like men you Philistines that you do not become servants of the
you do not become servants of the
you do not become servants of the Hebrews as they have been to you conduct
Hebrews as they have been to you conduct
Hebrews as they have been to you conduct yourself like men and fight so the
yourself like men and fight so the
yourself like men and fight so the Philistines fought
Philistines fought
Philistines fought and Israel was the name and every man
and Israel was the name and every man
and Israel was the name and every man fled to his tent there was a very great
fled to his tent there was a very great
fled to his tent there was a very great slaughter and there fell of Israel
slaughter and there fell of Israel
slaughter and there fell of Israel 30,000 foot soldiers also the Ark of God
30,000 foot soldiers also the Ark of God
30,000 foot soldiers also the Ark of God was captured and the two sons of Eli
was captured and the two sons of Eli
was captured and the two sons of Eli hophni and Phinehas died then a man of
hophni and Phinehas died then a man of
hophni and Phinehas died then a man of Benjamin ran from the battle line the
Benjamin ran from the battle line the
Benjamin ran from the battle line the same day and came to Shiloh with his
same day and came to Shiloh with his
same day and came to Shiloh with his clothes torn and dirt on his head now
clothes torn and dirt on his head now
clothes torn and dirt on his head now when he came there was a I sitting on a
when he came there was a I sitting on a
when he came there was a I sitting on a seat by the wayside watching or his
seat by the wayside watching or his
seat by the wayside watching or his heart trembled for the mark of God and
heart trembled for the mark of God and
heart trembled for the mark of God and when the man came into the city and told
when the man came into the city and told
when the man came into the city and told it all the city cried out when Eli heard
it all the city cried out when Eli heard
it all the city cried out when Eli heard the noise of the outcry he said what
the noise of the outcry he said what
the noise of the outcry he said what does the sound this talked me and the
does the sound this talked me and the
does the sound this talked me and the man came quickly in told Eli Eli was 98
man came quickly in told Eli Eli was 98
man came quickly in told Eli Eli was 98 years old in his eyes were so dim that
years old in his eyes were so dim that
years old in his eyes were so dim that they could not see then the man said to
they could not see then the man said to
they could not see then the man said to Eli I am he who came from the battle
Eli I am he who came from the battle
Eli I am he who came from the battle and I fled today from the battle line
and I fled today from the battle line
and I fled today from the battle line what happened was Israel has fled before
what happened was Israel has fled before
what happened was Israel has fled before the Philistines and there has been a
the Philistines and there has been a
the Philistines and there has been a great slaughter among the people also
great slaughter among the people also
great slaughter among the people also who are two sons hophni and Phinehas are
who are two sons hophni and Phinehas are
who are two sons hophni and Phinehas are dead and the Ark of God has been
dead and the Ark of God has been
dead and the Ark of God has been captured then it happened when he made
captured then it happened when he made
captured then it happened when he made mention of the Ark of God that Eli fell
mention of the Ark of God that Eli fell
mention of the Ark of God that Eli fell off the seat backward by the side of the
off the seat backward by the side of the
off the seat backward by the side of the gate and his neck was broken and he died
gate and his neck was broken and he died
gate and his neck was broken and he died for the man was old and heavy and he had
for the man was old and heavy and he had
for the man was old and heavy and he had judged Israel forty years now his
judged Israel forty years now his
judged Israel forty years now his daughter-in-law a phineus wife was with
daughter-in-law a phineus wife was with
daughter-in-law a phineus wife was with child due to be delivered and when she
child due to be delivered and when she
child due to be delivered and when she heard the news that the Ark of God was
heard the news that the Ark of God was
heard the news that the Ark of God was captured that her father-in-law
captured that her father-in-law
captured that her father-in-law and her husband were dead she bowed
and her husband were dead she bowed
and her husband were dead she bowed herself and gave birth for her labor
herself and gave birth for her labor
herself and gave birth for her labor pains came upon her
and about the time of her death the
and about the time of her death the women who stood by her said to her do
women who stood by her said to her do
women who stood by her said to her do not fear for you have borne a son but
not fear for you have borne a son but
not fear for you have borne a son but she did not answer nor did she regard it
she did not answer nor did she regard it
she did not answer nor did she regard it then she named the child
then she named the child
then she named the child Ichabod the glory has departed from
Ichabod the glory has departed from
Ichabod the glory has departed from Israel because the Ark of God had been
Israel because the Ark of God had been
Israel because the Ark of God had been captured and because of her
captured and because of her
captured and because of her father-in-law and her husband the glory
father-in-law and her husband the glory
father-in-law and her husband the glory has departed from Israel for the Ark of
has departed from Israel for the Ark of
has departed from Israel for the Ark of God has been captured
God has been captured
God has been captured [Music]